Why are you back?
Isn't this Xiao Ming? Come back and have a look.
gallantry
rape or theft
You already have a wife
Don't run to me if you have nothing to do in the future
It's over. It's over.
Mr. Su to Fu
Sir, there are indeed great opinions on getting married privately
Never let Mr. Su find out
Otherwise, she will definitely be beaten to death.
It's so late
Why don't you go back to the house and sleep early?
It's only 4pm. What will I sleep on?
What are you hiding behind the couch?
It's nothing over Fu Yanlin
Your acting is so bad.
Mr. Su, Li Yangchen and Xia Hai of Xia's Group
visit
Why are they here?
Mr. Su haha
See you again.
Hahahahaha, this is a gift for you.
No respect, leave it alone
What's the matter with you two?
Mr. Su, the summer group has undergone organizational adjustments now
It's brand new.
The 10 billion order we agreed on before
Is it time to sign?